(ambient music)
Aajonas Vonderplanitz had to fight
for his life from a very early age.
His story is challenging.
After experiencing many injuries and illnesses
the medical care he received
took him deeper and deeper
into a downward spiral until in his
early 20's facing another bout with cancer
he decided to fast himself to death.
The hand of fate however,
did not allow him to die.
In the end it was raw animal fats and protiens
that saved his life.
And he says it's fat that saves
many of our lives too.
(ambient music)
Aajonas, this is really intersting
sitting here with you.
I've been trying to get together
with you for about a year now.
And if I were to look you up on the internet
knowing nothing about you I would find
some of the most controversial
information out there.
You bring up a lot of fear in people,
because of what we're going to get into in a bit.
Which is interesting as I'm sitting
here in your home and we're surrounded by
lotus blossoms and bougainvillea
and beautiful artwork, and it seems to me
such a delicate being and beautiful heart
is who you are.
Yet at the same time, this perception
of this primal element frightens people.
So I want to get into who you are first.
Because you've had what most
people would consider to be
certainly early in life an extremely painful
journey to get to where you are now.
Can you talk a little bit,
just give your back story a bit
if you don't mind, from childhood,
just for a few minutes.
Well, that's the only reason
I probably would be doing what I am
and know what I know
if I hadn't experienced what I experienced.
Basically I was born into a very violent household
so I was abused terribly, physically.
Not any sexual abuse, but violence.
Beatings and the like.
Yes, beatings and harassment
and putting the blame on me
because I was autistic.
And I was the scapegoat
for a lot of things, a lot of issues.
And I had a brother who was still in diapers
when I was born and he never forgave me
for taking Mother's attention away.
Soon as I arrived from the hospital at birth.
So he would push me on rusty nails,
rakes, anything, because my mom was
a nurse so she should rush me to
the doctor or the hospital and so
I'd be getting a tetanus shot every few months
instead of, think back then a tetanus shot
was supposed to last a year, now they say
it lasts five years.
It all depends on how much money
the pharmaceutical houses want to make.
Is how long something will last.
Right.
So, it's got nothing to do with science.
So at that time it was a year,
but I was getting them every six months.
Three to six months because of my brother
pushing me on rusty things.
And my mother, in all of her career of nursing
had only seen one case of lockjaw
and whether it really results from tetanus
or not that's all debatable.
Sure
Another fallacy probably by the pharmaceutical industry.
So I turned autistic at 18 months old
on my third tetanus shot.
And the mercury and the alumminum
and formaldehyde went into the center
of my communication, the communication
center of my brain.
And I could no longer function
on a communicative basis.
I understood people'e behavior.
I was able to so call, "read minds."
but it wasn't a language, it was a sensory thing
I knew when people were lying,
when they weren't lying.
I could read a person backwards and forwards
like all autistic kids can.
And one of the main reasons
they shut down is because most 90%
of what comes out of parents and adults mouths
is a lie, and they sense that so they
completely cut it off, because as an autistic child
it's impossible to deny truth.
Yes.
So it makes us want to recoil,
and distance ourselves from anything.
But I wasn't allowed to appear autistic.
Anytime I go up to my stare
my parents would slap me,
they would say,
"Don't look like that,
"you look like an idiot.
"You look like a crazy person."
Back then, in the '40's and '50's
autism wasn't understood.
So it was, "you're crazy,
"we don't want you to be crazy."
Yeah, they don't want
you embarrassing them.
So it was a violent way of altering behavior,
rather than understanding it,
and biochemical the way that we see it now.
Of course addressing it with pharmaceutical
chemicals is no healing and no cure for it
but there is a reason for it chemically
and it can be adjusted dietary.
But meanwhile, your whole body
started breaking down at a very early age.
Well, because of all those early vaccines.
Yes, tetanus shots,
exposure to all the other things as well.
Well my mom's a nurse so anything
that went wrong it was a chemical
that she used.
Even though she would always say,
"I don't like to give you asprin
"because it's not good,
"it's not that good for you."
She'd give us the stuff anyway,
so it was like a war in herself,
so she was always giving us penicillin galore.
And I was coming down with an infection
for the past three to five months.
So by the time I hit 12 and a half or 12 years old
in fact it was a week before my 12th birthday,
I came down with a case of peritonitis,
which was misdiagnosed as appendicitis.
So in the end they found my appendix okay
and took it out anyway.
The reports said they were taking it out
in case something causes problems.
Preventative.
It was like if the medical and pharmaceutical industry
don't understand something then sure,
it doesn't have a purpose on this planet.
Right.
So rip it out.
And they've just, I've known it for 20 some years
by my experimentation with autopsies
and examining tissue and found the appendix
contains all the bacteria all the chemicals
that have ever entered the body
and what to do about them.
So you body can react to 20, 40 minutes, instantly
on defending itself against
that particular containerization.
When you don't have an appendix
it takes 22 to 42 hours before your body
is reacting properly.
So it's kind of the first line of defense.
It's a library.
[Interviewer] Interesting.
Of what would to do,
it's a library of what the body
should do in the circumstance
that this chemical reenters the body.
Library appendix.
This year for the first time, the scientists,
the MD scientists, medical scientists,
came out with that same conclusion.
Just this year.
Wow, interesting.
And I've been saying it for 20 some years.
Well, yeah and you've been
saying a lot of things for a lot of years
that people still at this point are yet
to catch up with.
But you know, to kind of get to it
you literally had so many life threatening
diseases by the time you hit 18 you had
19.
19, you had blood cancer, you
had bone cancer, you had it all
and you were really ready to check out.
Well at 15 and a half I got my third polio vaccine.
And it wasn't the Salk it was the injection.
And it gave me angina pectoris,
which were heart attacks, and it made me diabetic,
juvenile diabetic, so I was taking insulin.
Juvenile diabetes is irreversible
according to the medical professoin
so is psoriasis, angina pectoris,
all those things that I developed,
when I was 19 I had got an ulcer
from becoming an alcoholic and a drug user
because I was so fatigued as child
by the time I was 8 years old I started smoking
for the nicotine high, the nicotine energy.
And I go at night into the kitchen and steal
whatever coffee was left.
Poured it in a jar, put it under my bed
and drink it in the morning
to be able to get out of the bed.
And I was always in excruciating pain
so I could never play sports,
I could barely move without severe pain.
So by the time I hit 19 years old,
I was drinking alcohol to help me relax at night
and taking benzedrines and smoking
two packs of non filtered cigarettes daily
to get me pumping the high.
By the time I was 19,
into my 19th year I'd started vommiting
blood because of the ulcer.
The treatment for that gave me blood cancer,
blood and bone cancer.
Well first it gave me a stomach ulcer,
because they went in and cut
the vagus nerve to the stomach,
put me in a state of oxygen area
and it no longer retreats hydrocloric acid
it will never digest proteins properly again.
And then the treatment for that became cancerous.
The treatment for that was radiation theraphy
so that gave me blood and bone cancer.
Cauterized my spine that if I tried to move
just a few inches I was in excruciating pain
in my back and then the treatment for that
was chemotheraphy,
because it gave me the blood and bone cancer.
Of course I was an invalid,
I was a worm on the floor, because
I couldn't move without excruciating pain.
I was defecating and urinating all over myself
on the floor.
And by 18, 19?
19, well 20 years old.
20 years old by this time.
And I was supposed to die at 21.
Alright, well here we are,
a number of years later, a few decades later,
and you're alive and well.
Yes.
And now let's start
talking the journey of finding your own way.
Obviously the medical model wasn't
working well for you, that's fair to say.
And you were a very sensitive being
and you reacted to all of these things.
And yet somehow you mustered some
not just curiosity but intuitive strength
in yourself to begin another type of journey.
Let's talk about the healing journey and
we get into some pretty controversial stuff here.
Well the healing journey began with me dying.
I was definitely going to die at a small house
in Beverly Hills, a two-bedroom house
it was all wooden flooring.
And the reason I was in there, even though
I was autistic still
I would para-language, but I had like
a lot of idiot savants, talent for math.
So I could write a computer program
in a few hours that could
take them six months to a year to write.
So the technical school that trained me,
or used me I should say, they didn't
have to train me, I was,
Dustin Hoffman in the Rain Man.
I could look at a problem and
not have to write out the formula to get it.
I had the answer.
So it was very easy for me.
So I was a junior executive for carte blanche corporation,
a time DC a trucking company, and sometimes IBM.
I was farmed out.
So I always had one of the professors with me
to write out the curriculum, the flow chart
besides the design.
He would write out the lettering
and stuff to my programs.
And you know, I was making a lot of money
as an idiot.
So I was making a lot of money,
so I had a small house in Beverly Hills.
Two bedroom, and I was living in there
with no furniture and no living room
crawling around different areas on the floor.
It was a long room.
About 35 feet long.
So I would defecate and urinate
because I was in so much pain
I couldn't get on a pan or a pot
or urinate into a bottle or anything like that,
but on a rare occasion.
So I was defecating and urinating
all over myself and then would
pull myself, because I could only move my arms
without excruciating pain.
And crawl to some other area of the floor
and just kept going around.
And I refused to go to a hospice
because I was autistic
and people were dying there
and I didn't want to be around that.
So two volunteers offered to come
in and take care of me,
two, three days a week.
So they would come,
they would shop for me,
and what they would get for me
is what I requested,
was you know,
doughnuts and RC cola
and they would pour it into a blender
and blend it.
Because after the radiation theraphy
all of the bone around my teeth dissolved.
So my teeth just dangled in my mouth
so biting on my own teeth
I would lose sometimes half a cup
of blood in a couple of hours.
So I was getting two transfusions a week just for that.
And you're getting some really
high quality smoothies there, RC Cola.
Yeah, RC Cola and doughnuts.
My goodness.
I would take, or they would take
rice krispies full of sugar already,
and add four tablespoons of sugar to that and
mixed with of course processed milk,
so that was the kind of diet.
And this a volunteer, a young 18 year old
African-American boy, Steve Flannagan
he offered me raw carrot juice
and raw milk.
He was this young boy,
I was young too, I was only 21.
And he was 18.
And he was making a lot of money.
He was a singer, in the business.
Just a compassionate individual.
Finally I started drinking the carrot juice
and the raw milk.
And within 10 days of drinking that
my autism shut off.
God, that's amazing.
And I was able to understand language
just like that.
Of course I didn't get well quickly.
Right.
It took two and a half years to regenerate
the bone around my teeth,
before I could eat.
I was not allowed to eat anything cooked.
Because of the vagotomy I was told that
if I ate anything raw whether it be banana or apple,
I had to steam everything or I would die.
So I was told, cause I had said,
I was in danger of bacterial paradisaical invasion
microbe invasion, because I had no
hydrochloric acid to dissolve and kill things
that were bacterial and that's the whole
medical myth and nonsense.
Now with this, with the raw milk
and the raw carrot juice,
It's getting better
You're getting live enzymes
and you're getting better.
Yeah, well there are no such thing
as the live enzymes.
Enzymes are not live, they are protein structures.
Bacteria is alive.
And your body, our bodies are 99% bacterial.
Yes, yes.
So every time you take an antibiotic you're destroying
let's say you take a five day cycle,
you're destroying 1% of the body's bacteria.
Which reduces your activity, your functionality by 1%.
Because people take it for 10 days, weeks, years at a time.
The doctor that put my mother's implant
in her ear for her hearing aid
put her on antibiotics for almost a year,
and all of a sudden, guess what?
She couldn't digest, she couldn't function.
She almost died.
Yeah.
And I had to feed her papaya
to get her to start digesting again.
I went to say goodbye, because I got a call
she was going to die.
Just like my son.
They said he was going to die.
And I brought him back with just food.
So let's talk about getting
into the more aggressive areas of healing yourself
with food because this sent you on a journey.
Once you started seeing the healing with them
and because you had this native intellegence
and ability to intuit.
You really took on the study of health and nutrition.
What you have to remember though,
because I didn't get my, had my communication
faculty, I read my first book at 22 years old.
Yes.
It was Siddhartha.
It was like 82 pages, something like that.
Right, it's a little book.
It took me a full week, 16 hours a day to read it.
Because I had no vocabulary.
I had to look up the words,
the definitions of the words, in the
definitions of the definitions
of the definitions
Yeah.
So it took me a week to get through 82 pages.
So you weren't going through
volumes of text just yet, but your
own self discovery seems to be have been
the most important part in all of this.
But what I'm saying is when I learned
communications, then I all of sudden
started mislearning everything else.
So I learned bad things,
so I learned vegetarianism,
I learned radical approaches
that were not helpful.
And then when I got into those,
I started getting better and better.
I started eating,
started studying nutrition.
Got a great nutritionist at the time.
Who was advocating 70, 75% raw milk
raw eggs, not raw meat,
but those things,
so I was getting better and better.
So by the time I hit 27,
I was a raw food vegetarian frutarian.
You were a vegan for a while, weren't you?
Six and a half years all together.
Right.
So that degenerated me.
I went to a good place, then when I went
totally against any kind of lacto-ovo
any of that in my diet, then
I started digressing.
And that was the last two and half years
of that journey.
I got on a bicycle, I was going
to go out and live on the land.
And live with animals and Indian tribes
and find that was true health,
because I learned after being
in those books till I was 27.
I realized there was nothing I was going
to learn of truth from the medical profession,
because they were run by the pharmaceutical industry.
Yes.
And you're well versed in this.
But you were also, in terms of
your own experience, you would find
that you would start, your health profile would rise,
you would gain strength, your mind would
become clear, and then when you do
go on another radical diet,
such as when you did become a vegan
for example, it started declining again.
My mind did, because I was so strong like you.
I stayed that way.
Even though there were bad consequences to it.
But what were some of the consequences?
And I ask this because a lot of people watching
probably made that decision to switch over.
And we'll get into the whole notion of
different blood types, ethnicities, and
is there a prescription a "one size fits all"?
Do we all need something different?
I went on a 20 year vegetarian, lacto-ovo
vegetarian journey, and I think I made it
that long because of the lacto-ovo part,
because I became ill and had to ultimately
leave it behind.
You went strict vegan for a while.
What were some of the consequences
you were seeing for your body?
Well because I had had anemia,
the blood cancer and the bone cancer.
Right.
I didn't have to be on it but
two and a half years before
I went down to 98 pounds.
My bones started disintegrating,
Leukemia again.
And I was deteriorating.
So I decided, I was living
on a bicycle outdoors,
which was very stressful,
the temperature changes from day to day
can be 80 degrees.
Windstorm, sun storms, rain storms, blizzards,
was all through it, living on a bicycle
in a sleeping bag outdoors.
So it was very stressful,
when you talk about the stress of a job
or indoors,
or emotional stress,
you don't know what stress is
until you live outdoors.
That's stress.
That is stress.
People used to fare that all the time without
central heat and air conditioning,
that was a normal part of life.
100 years ago.
Right.
But now everybody's,
you got it easy as far as I'm concerned.
But living in that as a fruitarian,
strict fruitarian.
No lacto, no ovo, no meats at all.
I disintegrated heavily.
So I choose to die.
Because now the cancer's back,
and it's like, "I've tried everything."
Right. I was aching every joint,
if the temperature dropped below 50 degrees.
I mean 50 degrees I started having severe
joint pain, by the time it hit 48
I was tripled in excruciating pain.
I couldn't move.
So you were going to die,
you chose your way.
I chose to fast to death.
To fast to death.
I picked an old Indian burial ground
in California. I bicycled, well,
I couldn't bicycle much anymore,
but I was in Alaska at the time,
living with the Eskimos.
And all the Indian tribes I'd lived with,
four Indian tribes, and all of them suggested
I eat raw meat.
And I said, "Oh they're just trying
"to kill the white boy."
Revenge, you know, again I had been
brainwashed into believing that
even though raw foods were good,
with the vagotomy, which is the severing
of the vagus nerve, no hydrochloric acid in the stomach
I would die, I would get a parasite and die
So this was heavily entrenched
in your mind that if you ate raw meat,
you were going to die, of poisoning.
Correct, exactly.
But you tell us this next part of the story.
Well, I was in this old Indian burial ground
outside, the foothills of a mountain range,
San Martianas mountain range,
in Thermal, California.
And I was just drinking water
to keep the headaches away
and I was going to fast myself to death.
I knew it would take,
about 40, 60 days to do.
So right away, I happen
to pick a vein of the mountain
where it lead up into a canyon
where a bunch of coyotes lived.
Their den was up there.
So they would come down every night,
wake me up almost like clockwork at midnight.
And do their howling,
and play games with me.
By about the 10, 12th day,
my mind is a little fuzzy
from all the fasting from that period.
But I was able to sense them
going around where my campsite was
down the wash so the day that I sensed
all 11 of them, the next night
they killed a jackrabbit and offered it to me.
Ripped it up and put it at my feet.
And I was also a philosophical vegetarian
because I loved animals.
So I didn't want to kill animals,
as well as being afraid of raw meat.
Yes.
So, what went through my head
at that moment though, you know,
the coyotes were offering it to me.
And I'm looking at the Easter bunny,
they ripped it open for me, it was
all warm and squishy and everything at my feet.
So, I, this dialogue went through my head
when I was probably about ten years old,
my brothers and cousins were going rabbit hunting.
And my uncle was telling them that
if they shot a wild rabbit they needed to
cook it until it was brown inside.
That there should be no pink meat at all.
Because there's a microbe in wild rabbits
that will take over your intestinal tract
within 48 hours and you'll die
a miserable and painful death within 48 hours.
So, well, the pain would come within 24 hours, dead in 48.
So I thought, "Oh, the coyotes are trying
"to help me die quickly."
So I picked up the rabbit
and I started eating it.
Of course it came back up.
I had to psych myself into it,
like at the dinner table, when
I was forced to eat vegetables,
it would make me projectile vomit.
I'd forced myself into that mental attitude
and ate the rabbit.
And by the time I got through
probably the 12th or 15th bite
it tasted incredibly good to me.
So I devoured almost three pounds, three and a half pounds.
Wow.
Coyotes shared the rest, they went away.
I went back to my campsite to die.
And I knew I was dying because I felt it.
Right, like you were having
that lucid moment before death.
Right. I had had three near death experiences
twice on an operating table where
they had to revive me on a recreational drug experience.
And I had to be revived.
So I had left the body at those times.
And when you leave the body like that,
there's no pain.
You leave the pain with the body.
So I was having that kind
of experience as I was walking in the body
back to my campsite.
So I knew I was dying,
and I woke the next morning
and I'm still alive in my sleeping bag.
I didn't go through any white tunnell
or meet Buddha or Jesus or anybody.
I was just still here in my body
and I had pretty good energy
for the next three days, four days,
and I didn't die.
And nothing bad happened.
So I said, "Indians weren't lying to me at all,
"they were telling me raw meat."
So I started hunting, trapping chipmunks
and birds and scorpions and tarantulas
I'd eat anything I could get a hold of.
I just break off the poison gland.
Now this is the part that scares people,
because it's so primitive.
Well if you go to Asia.
You can find these things,
you can find bats,
you can find tarantulas.
I've been there, someone's
offered me an ant tart.
Cockroaches this big, yeah.
I know, that's very true,
but it's this western perception.
And let's just stop here for one little moment
before we go on, I want to get
into the politics and the rest of it.
In that, if we go to the grocery store and
we buy a steak and put it in teriyaki sauce,
throw it on the grill, char the outside,
leave it medium rare or rare on the inside,
that's civilized, that's okay.
But for you to trap these animals,
and to eat them, this is primitive.
Raw.
This is primitive, this is wrong.
This is frightening, even though rare meat
just about raw it's barely even warmed.
The psychological difference that frightens people
and so creates a lot of controversy
around you is, what is it?
That is happening there, as an intuitive being
in our psyche, that we can not handle?
Well it's our conditioning.
We're taught to be afraid of everything.
And it's the most absurd thing in the world.
Look at, we've had raw dishes throughout history,
Steak tartare.
Is chopped raw beef and raw egg, mixed together.
And the Germans eat more than anybody else
of steak tartare, even the French.
And we have carpaccio, which is
thinly sliced, completely raw meat.
But when it's called carpaccio
and it's served on a tray in restaurant it's one thing.
But you had to confront it directly, personally.
Well the very first raw food that I ate
after eating the rabbit was a rattlesnake.
And that was difficult,
because there are a lot of bones in it.
And it does not taste like chicken.
It taste like raw fish.
Snake tastes like raw fish.
So this was, you were almost in a sense
by circumstance, you needed to eat
whatever you found and was available to you
because you were on the land.
And so, over what period of time
did you start really regaining some strength?
Well, after a week of trapping little things
and eating them, there's just not much food.
And I was 96 pounds.
So I got on my bicycle, went to all
the near local farms, and I was in farming country.
A lot of farm lands, mostly dates and citrus fruits,
but there were lots of people with farms,
pigs, goats, cows, milking.
So I made deals with different farmers
to milk their cows or goats,
shovel manure, any work on the farms,
in exchange for all the food I wanted.
So I was drinking a gallon of raw milk a day,
eating anywhere from a stick to two sticks
of butter a day, which is almost a quarter
to a half a pound of butter a day.
And chicken and eggs and everything I could eat,
and within two and a half months
I gained 50 pounds.
And I looked like a scaled Arnold Schwarzenegger
The first time in my life
that I had muscles,
before I was fat as a child and then
I got very skinny once I became a diabetic.
And this was a combination
of eating all the raw fats, the raw proteins,
but also you were doing some labor at the time,
so you were using your body.
Yes, correct.
Which wasn't normal except for bicycling.
So you had gone to die,
and now you're looking like, as you say,
a scaled Arnold Schwarzenegger over a
relatively short period of time.
Yes.
What did you start focusing on after that?
Because I know it wasn't too long after that,
that you started giving nutritional advice.
Right, a year later.
Yeah, I went back to Los Angeles,
spread the word that raw meat was the answer.
Everybody said, "You're going to get
a brain fluke and you're going to be an idiot."
And I said, "Been there, done that."
There you go.
I said, "Been there done that many times,
"for most of my life, 22 years."
But this was the only thing
that made me truly feel stable
and well in my body.
So I wasn't going to stop,
But after three years of hearing,
"Oh you're going to get a brain fluke."
I started fearing it.
I said, "Oh this next time,
"is that going to be the time that I have a problem?
"Is that raw meat going to take over?"
And after 13 years of eating raw meat
and 10 years of fear, I said,
"There's something terribly wrong here,
"I've got a vagotomy. I'm supposed to be
"deathly ill from eating anything raw,
"and here I'm eating raw meat for 13 years
"and I've never gotten diarrhea or vomit
"from it ever? This doesn't make sense."
So I went to the main medical universities
looking for the experiments
to prove that raw meat gives parasites
and there wasn't one.
Yeah, we hear salmonella, bacterial
poisoning, where everyone's afraid of raw eggs,
raw milk, "Oh you're going to get sick and die."
The stats are something quite different, most of the
salmonella poisoning that takes place is from cooked food
like, 95, 96%.
99.99%
Is all from cooked food.
Okay, let's get into that, because I think we probably
we need to talk about a lot of things here.
Let's get over that myth number one.
That if you eat it raw, you're going
to become ill from bacterial contamination.
Versus what actually happens
when you cook the proteins.
Well I've explained it in my
diet tribe on getting well and all of that
how 13 years without any illness or sickness
from that.
I had detoxification of course
with the chemo and radiation
and everything else I had prior to that.
And how do I know that?
I had my feces, urine, tissue analyzed
it had the chemotherapy in it,
high amounts of the iodine and the radiation
that was all given to me during radiation therapies.
So, I had justification,
I had laboratory tests to prove it.
Never got sick from any of the bacteria,
but you have to understand,
that the medical profession wanted
to make big money, so it was
the Rockefellers, the Rothchilds, all of those,
and even Carnegie, they had to
adopt a program just like the military,
if you got an enemy, you can instill fear
into everyone and you hook them
on paying for attacking.
To go and fight people, human beings,
killing them, believing they're against your religion,
or against your political system, whatever it is.
Even though it may work for those particular people.
And they do fine with it.
This was a way of starting a war
within your body, to do what?
To make you sick.
So what is always attacked,
the healthiest thing, raw milk.
Can't get healthier than raw milk.
I mean, the Hunza tribe,
don't they drink raw milk, the Hunza tribe
and the Hunza peoples?
They did, that was practically
probably 89% of their diet.
They're known for their longevity
and their heartiness under in pretty extreme weather.
Yes, in the mountains.
In the mountains.
So that's just one example
of a culture that has historically
lived on raw dairy.
Well you got the Masai tribe, the Samburu,
Fulani, the Eskimo.
100% disease free as long
as they stayed on their raw meats
and raw milk.
So what happens chemically,
and what happens with our body's interaction with protein.
Let's take dairy.
When you pasteurize it, and homogenize it.
What happens to it?
Well, I can tell you theoretically what happens to it.
At 105 degrees the enzymes become cauterized.
So they no longer will help you form tissue,
it doesn't even help you digest it.
By 112 degrees you start destabalizing
the vitamins, 122 you completely cauterize
and neutralized, and destroyed all the enzymes.
By 123 to 27 degrees, you completely
incapacitated the vitamins.
By 142 degrees, you completely
altered them into a state where the body
can't even reconstruct them.
And then you start breaking down proteins,
things like calcium.
If you look at the difference between
the utilized calcium in raw milk to pasteurized milk
then that's only 141 degrees for 15 to 30 seconds.
Only 50% of that calcium can be utilized,
the other 50% goes out in the feces.
Now, when you have traditional
pasteurization, what does the temperature rise to?
Now they're doing it to ultra pasteurization,
which is 270 degrees.
So essentially, it has no nutritional value.
It's destroyed, right.
Now, when you have people, many many people
in the culture with lactose intolerance,
what happens when they drink raw milk
versus pasteurized homogenized milk.
Well when you drink pasteurized,
you got also a cauterized lactate, milk sugars,
can't digest, so they get into the blood,
start cutting, it's like a glass, start cutting cells.
People with allergies to it,
if they don't form enough mucus,
or mucus that has good fibers.
So that's what lactose intolerance is
often times you're saying, it's because
the milk has been altered.
But if they were to introduce say raw dairy
into the diet, they may not have that experience?
99% of people wouldn't suffer lactose intolerance.
Then you have 1% that does, but
it's from the old lactose that's stored in their body
from being cooked and processed.
So when I give people like 2 to 4 ounces
of raw milk a day over a three to eight month period
that 1% is no longer lactose intolerant.
What about the notion
that certain cultures, certain races, who are raised,
say Asians for example, are known,
to be particularly lactose intolerant,
and can it be argued that because perhaps
cows aren't as native to their land
that they're using more rice and soy
and other kinds of milk,
that genetically they are beings that are simply not adapted
to eating certain things, in other words,
getting back to that "eat right for your type"
No, it was another lie.
They didn't want.
You know Asia includes India.
Yes. cows.
India adores cows.
You're not allowed to kill a cow and eat meat
but you eat their dairy.
But they didn't want that
because dairy is one of the most important
defenses against pollution,
because the concentration of minerals,
because it can neutralize vaccine contamination,
all that.
So they want to get rid of the raw milk.
They don't want milk in any form.
Whether it's pasteurized or otherwise
in other parts of Asia, so they lied about it.
I've got many patients in Singapore,
in Thailand, Philippines, a few in Vietnam
that do excellently.
In fact the main Chinese newspaper
in Singapore did a whole front page spread
on the people who were doing my diet.
Because here they were these skinny weak
Chinese people. That were now robust like Americans.
Oh really?
And they did a feature on this, interesting.
Yeah, and they did a whole full page article.
I wasn't able to read it, it was in Chinese.
So it was translated.
Hopefully they said some nice things.
I didn't have any input into it.
And they only gave it favorably
because every Chinese person who was on it
in Singapore, did well.
Interesting.
And this whole thing about fats and detoxifying,
do you know who Udo Erasmus is?
Yes.
Okay, so Udo is a friend of mine,
and he taught me about this maybe 10, 15 years ago.
His own journey was, he poisoned himself
as a hippie gardener putting a bunch
of pesticides on butchart garden roses
and walking through it barefoot,
and that's where he learned,
he had read somewhere about fats
will help pull the toxins out of the body, right?
Well, what happens is
whenever, if you take it from the basic start
of our understanding it was you analyze tissue,
and we found that in the brain
which is 60, 70, 80% fat,
yeah you're a fat head, absolutely I am.
It's a compliment.
You know, in the bone marrow
and in fat deposits, and people who were fat
you had these concentrations of toxins.
Pesticides whatever it was.
So we learned from that,
hey, putting fat into the body
will absorb and detox poisons, toxins
out of the body.
And that's why when somebody
comes to me and has had chemotherapy
or chelation theraphy
and chelation thearphy is a poisoning.
All of those are poisonings.
Fat will help mitigate the damage done.
And help remove it eventually
and lower continual damage.
Okay, and that's an important thing
for us to know.
This is part of the, eating the whole fats
and the raw fats in the diet,
whether it be milk, cream, butter, raw cheeses
and so forth, this is partly,
And raw animal fats.
And raw animal fats as well.
And okay.
And Udo got into a lot of oils.
Pressed oils.
Fresh pressed oils.
Yeah, they are very detoxifying, 90% detoxifying
they don't stabilize and strengthen the body
while they detoxify.
However, animal fats do.
Butter is probably the most important
for the overall human, or any animal.
And then cream is necessary
but it's more difficult to digest.
And it helps the brain and the nervous system
where the butter can't as much.
But butter takes care of everything else.
So in my diet, I stress butter,
as the most important fat.
And fat that should be consumed primarily.
And this is not just you,
the Western Price Foundation, Sally Fallon's work,
there are a lot of other, Pottenger's work.
This has been validated in the past as well
there are many validations for this,
many studies for this as well.
But all of them are plagued with
the same belief, the fear of bacteria.
So Sally Fallon, all of those people,
say freeze your raw meats if you're
going to eat them, freeze your butter,
you know, stuff like that,
she doesn't say about milk thank god.
In my laboratory test with animals
I found when I fed them frozen meat,
and the same meat, one group frozen
and the same meat raw unfrozen, other group.
Every one of the animals in the frozen group
got a skin disorder all the way to the point of scabies.
Oh, interesting.
It's terrible.
Then I knew that butter, raw butter
would reverse those conditions
because of my experiments with humans
and feeding people butter
and how quickly it alleviated a lot of the skin problems.
Up to 80% even 100% in some circumstances,
but some people still have to
deal with acne and stuff like that,
rashes, but 80% of them reduced.
So when I fed half of that sick group
raw butter and the other frozen raw butter
which I cant call raw anymore.
The ones who had the frozen butter
took five times longer to heal.
Than those that had it unfrozen.
Now, Sally, even though she hasn't done experiments
denies that, and J Crew, the MD J Crew
or the scientist J Crew that studied raw milk
and used raw milk diets, he said the same thing.
That when you freeze the cream,
it doesn't work as well.
I don't know why people are denying this fact.
It is a fact.
Okay.
I want to work something else in at this point.
I want to put something else in there about that.
People are afraid of being overwhelemed.
I was just going to ask you that.
110 years ago you couldn't get a man
to marry a skinny woman because why?
There was no central heat
there was no central air conditioning
if you lived in an enviroment
where it was snowing and cold
if the woman were skinny
and she were pregnant,
she would most likely die.
And the baby with her.
And then who was left to raise children?
If there were any that were conceived
in that family prior to that.
So, skinny women were shunned upon,
they mostly became professional women,
or women who were prostitutes
or something like that who didn't
have to deal with family life.
But your family woman was a robust, fat woman.
And that is still true
in many cultures around the world today.
Absolutely.
And yet, in the west
we certainly have been brainwashed
into being phobic about ending up in that class
of having extra pounds on the body.
And when you've been on this diet
as long as I have been,
I have been on this diet now
eating raw foods since 1972,
so I'm nearing 40 years.
However, I didn't start eating
raw meat on a daily basis until '82.
So I've been doing this for 32 years,
eating the raw meat.
And drinking lots of raw milk.
And eating lots of raw butter.
And you have no excess weight on you.
I do, I have 18% body fat.
But you don't see it.
You have to understand that
when you have a raw fat molecule
and it's integrated into our system
for the fat for our bodies is a very tiny molecule.
When you cook a fat, it swells anywhere from
2 to 100 or 50 times its normal size.
I would never guess you have 18% body fat
you look totally perfect, really.
I look like an athlete with 8 to 10% body fat.
Yeah, you do.
And you eat a lot of fat.
That's a very interesting distinction.
Because I was going to ask you that next.
But when I was ill, I kept my fat weight
at anywhere from 27 to 30%, a woman's weight.
Yes.
And that should be more of a normal woman's weight.
That should be a normal weight for anybody
who has been on a cooked food diet for life.
They should all be at least 20, 25 pounds overweight
for, 20 30 years depending on their health condition.
So have you seen people
that take on this relatively high fat, but raw fats diet
actually lose weight?
Oh yes.
Yes if they're extremely overweight definitely.
So let's say I had a person who was
300 pounds for most of his life.
He went down to 25, 20 pounds overweight.
But he was also a drug addict
and an alcoholic for 25 years.
And when I did tests for his intestines
and his glands and his heart and everything
they tested very high like was in his late 20's, early 30's.
And he was in his mid 50's.
And he looked incredibly healthy, why?
Because he had all this fat,
even though it wasn't good fat,
poison still go into fat no matter
if they're good or bad.
So when he threw off that fat
he threw off most of those toxins
that never got to invade the cells
his glands and his organs.
Interesting.
So I look at people who are fat,
and say, "You are blessed."
and that's the first time they hear it.
And I say, "You have been blessed
"because you have been fat all of your life.
"You're protected. You have better health.
"Now do it differently. Put different fat on
"so you can start reducing the number
"of those big huge fat molecules of fat
"that make you huge."
Interesting.
And that's probably the first time
anybody listening has ever ever heard that.
Probably ever heard that, yeah.
Now, aside from that,
you also it's not as though you
completely shunned the vegetable kingdom.
I mean, from what I read, and tell me,
I don't know if this is still true.
You also, you do fresh juices, fresh vegetable juices,
but you accompany it with fat.
Now I'm bringing this up because
I have a juicing machine and I love the
notion of getting fresh vital green in my body
but then I start getting light headed
and I notice I have to eat something fat with it
or I just don't function
or I feel a little sick to my stomach.
What's going on there?
Well you've got two things.
Your inundating yourself with enzymes for digestion.
A lot of people don't mix their juices right
so they get a lot of carbohydrate
like carrots and beets and things like that
are very concentrated in carbohydrates.
So the sugar high and sugar low
or an erratic nervous system.
Because the vegetable juices
will go right in and get into the body quickly.
So I suggest adding a little bit of cream
or raw egg into it.
Coconut even, raw coconut?
Coconut cream, yes. Or using coconut
but coconut cream is preferable.
Some fat to slow it down in the processing
and absorption into the body.
Well vegetable juice I found
is very important because a lot of people
I found lack digestive enzymes.
And enzymes to get the body motivated.
Instead of going to coffee or soda
or caffeine, or nicotine, anything like that,
to give them a boost in the morning.
It's a false boost.
It's like taking cocaine or any other drug,
it's a false boost,
it isnt a healthy energy boost.
It's an irritation boost that causes
adrenaline to hit the blood.
So you're stimulated by adrenaline
rather than good healthy metabolism.
Which your vegetable juices will do, right?
No they will provide the nutrients
to help digest the foods.
To help digest the foods.
Okay, so it's the enzyme mash.
Right, so it's just the enzymatic activity,
it's also full of vitamins.
and minerals.
And minerals, supplements
so I say everybody
should have that little cheese
in the morning to absorb toxins
that they detoxed during the night.
Ten minutes after that a little
vegetable juice with a little fat
or egg in it.
And to drink that and
that will invigorate them and get
them moving and then a meat meal next.
So the body isn't making it's fuel
from carbohydrates which causes a stickiness
that makes spots slow, lags,
makes the blood flow slowly, sticky,
neurological fluid, the lymphatic fluid.
So when you're having pyruvate
you don't have all that glycogen byproduct
like advanced lication end product
that causes a weakness
or coming down in energy.
So when you eat raw meat.
The body makes pryuvate
and it doesn't have all those
carbohydrate byproducts.
So in kind of summarizing this area.
It seems to me what happened is
not only your body was able to heal itself
just to an extraordinary level,
but also you found your own disposition
your own mental functioning.
More calm, more clear.
Is that?
Yes. And I've experimented
with eating different foods at different times of the day
with myself and literally thousands of people
over the past 42 years, 40 years.
Even when I was traveling on a bicycle,
because I was a vegetarian,
vegetarians have to be evangelistic.
So I was always telling people
that they had to be vegetarians.
Eat raw food and be healthier.
I was helping some people.
They wouldn't go into the vegetarianism like I did it.
But they started eating more raw foods
and they would get healthier.
And that's a good thing.
Absolutely.
So let's talk about the politics.
I mean, I've heard radio interviews with you
and you're very well versed in a lot.
Because one thing that comes up regularly is,
"Get rid of the raw, get rid of the raw foods,
"get rid of the raw milk."
Because we're in the state of California
where you can still buy raw milk.
But it comes up, it seems almost every year
it's threatened to bring it up in the
state legislature to get rid of it.
But it's not just raw milk, everything,
I know we don't have time to go
into the Codex Alimentarius or any of that
and you have your own view on supplementation.
But what in the big picture do you see happening
on a governmental agency level?
Well, the government is all run by corporations.
Of course your chemical industries are the biggest.
The last 12 FDA heads were all either,
were all either a CEO on a pharmaceutical company
or a chemical company.
Dalton, Santos, one of those,
or they went to that position
after they got out of office.
So they're pushing
for whole different agendas here.
Oh yes.
The chemicalization of humanity.
To me what is happening is,
they want to make a lot of money,
they want to keep control of people.
So how do you keep control of people?
You keep them procreating,
you keep them in credit,
and you keep them unhealthy.
They'll always be in fear of something
because they're not going to be well.
They're not going to be stable mentally or emotinally.
So if they can't get foods that will
help them calm and relax and be at peace
they're going to be running to a doctor.
And especially with commercials are all over lying
deceitful, completely fraudulent commercials
that the government completely ordains.
These conditioned people, that if they get a sniffle,
it could be cancer it could be a major problem
that is going to cause you a heart attack
or serious disease, so run to your doctor.
And the doctor has no therapies,
not one, even investigative testing
methods that aren't harmful.
All of them are.
And one time I talked to the doctor about that
and he said, "Well we didn't take an oath
"when we took the Hippocratic oath,
"there was no Bible, so we really didn't
"swear to anything."
Wow.
That was the attitude.
Think about what you're dealing with, with doctors.
And doctors all are run by the pharmaceutical industry,
pharmaceutical industry writes all the medical procedures,
there's no independence there.
That's true, that continuing education,
in fact the curriculum is written in large part
by pharmaceutical companies.
And if you have raw milk,
you can't make people sick easily.
Now, so who has generally
been behind the introduction to this
legislation that comes up year after year after year?
Well you've always got your little puppets.
And your health departments in Califonia we
had a professor at USC, John Leedom,
and I don't mind telling his name
because he's one of the biggest
unintelligent intelligent people I know.
So I can say he is intelligent, he has a good flexible mind,
but he has no common sense.
And nor he can't even sift through anything.
He headed it for a long time.
And he became the president of the
American Medical, I mean,
the Los Angeles County Medical Milk Commission.
And he vowed to outlaw raw milk.
Well I got together with a lot of information
and I wrote a report that Dr. Douglas
allowed me to use 80% of his information
and 20% of my research and I wrote a report
that he allowed me to author.
And that was used to get the law changed
in California to the point where guess what,
in Los Angeles County, where we didn't need
the medical milk commission anymore.
Well he lost his job because we got rid of the commission.
Good, congratulations.
Thank you.
And now your -- and by the way,
raw milk is delicious.
It tastes incredible.
I've had it in India, where the cows
are eating garbage off the street.
And there's your little cafe you're
going to have your breakfast at in the morning
you know where that milk came from,
just earlier that morning and it was delicious.
But here, it feels a little safer here,
just our perception.
But you have, you're now involved
in working with dairy farmers to
distribute in this area, there's distribution
for the people who follow your diet.
So they can find raw products,
but this isn't in most states.
Most states you can't find raw dairy still.
I know, anybody can put it together.
There are farmers in every state,
they just have to be educated.
There are a lot of people who have taken my book,
"We Want to Live" and
"The Recipe for Living Without Disease"
and given them to farmers,
and once a farmer's read that, he says,
"Oh my God, milk will do this?
"My butter will do that?"
And then all of a sudden they take
a stand against the government.
They realize the government is harming the people.
And intentionally, getting rid of the good foods.
[Interviewer] Yes, so people we'll have
all the information to contact you on your page
your organization.
To start researching for themselves,
reading the books, and I just want to say
I really appreciate the courage
it's taken to get this far in life, and go through
this journey even starting with
eating that little jackrabbit
an avowed vegetarian.
It wasn't a little rabbit,
it was a seven and a half pound rabbit.
Seven and a half pound rabbit as an avowed
philosphical vegetarian, that could not have been easy,
but when you're starving to death
and dying, and some animals have offered
you something and you're intuitive,
I guess it can take people in places
they never dreamed they would go.
And it's really been a pleasure talking with you.
And is there any final thought at all here?
Yeah, just realize that 99% of
what the medical profession pharmaceutical
houses say is a lie, do just the opposite,
just exactly the opposite and you will be right.
And on that, thank you very much Aajonas.
You can purchase a copy of Aajonas' books,
"We Want to Live: A Primal Diet" and
"The Recipe for Living Without Disease"
at Amazon and other major book sellers.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(ambient music)